1. How will the money be paid out?

- There are 3 options available:
Paypal, Bitcoin or gift cards, it will up for
you to choose one of the three options.

-------------------------

2. What if selected payout method won't work?

- In a case where there is an issue on one of
the ends with sending/receiving money we will
need to work together and exhaust every
reasonable option available and eventually
switch payment method if necessary, this is
not expected to occur but I must include
this as crazy and unexpected things happen.

-------------------------

3. Who will cover the fees?

- For Paypal I will pay all the fees on my
end so that you will receive expected amount
of money, I will usually send tiny bit more
just to make sure you're not getting underpaid,
I will also pay all the fees that will occur
WHEN sending the money using crypto currency,
any additional fees related to the services
you're using won't be covered.

-------------------------

4. How will the winner be verified?

- First option will be to attach Discord account
to your Speedrun.com account, it will then need
to show a "verified" status (checkbox next to discord name)
like here on my profile https://www.speedrun.com/users/rumii
If that won't be possible as an another verificaiton option
I can ask you to temporarily put some random generated text
in your bio on Speedrun.com.

-------------------------

5. What if the winner decides to not take the prize?

- Feel free to do so if you want to, we will then use
this money for next bounties or to pay for server/community
improvements instead.

-------------------------

6. How long will it take to send the money after bounty ends?

- This should take no longer than 1-3 weeks
provided there is a clear way of communication
between winner and server admin, if unexpected
problems occur we give ourselves the right to
exceed ETA up to 3 months, this is very unlikely
and would only happen in extreme cases.

-------------------------

ADDITIONAL RULES AND INFORMATION

1. Video of a run and run itself on speedrun.com cannot
be removed from the service it has been uploaded/submitted
to before we send out the bounty winnings, feel free
to do so after receiving the money.

2. In all cases winning run needs to be submitted
and then accepted/verified on the leaderboard,
it must stay on the leaderboard until we send
the bounty winnings as per first point.

3. Currency exchange will be performed by the services
used to transfer money, whatever Paypal, Coinbase or
Amazon or any other service decides what the dollar
is worth converted to your currency.

4. If run gets submitted before bounty end-date
but won't get verified before bounty end-date
then that's fine howver run will still need to be
verified before we send out the money.
